---
Title: Subsections
---

Each file (other than **index.md**) in any ~/content/folder corresponds to a subsection.

In each file edit:

- The title of the subsection it its header.
- The content of the section in its body.

Content is written in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax "Markdown Syntax") syntax.

<pre>
---
Title: Overview
---

Each folder in **~/content** is a section of the documentation.

- The *title, description and icon* is edited in the **index.md** file in that folder.
- The sections are numbered according to the alphabetical order of the folder names.

Each file (other than **index.md**) in any folder corresponds to a subsection.

- The title and content of the subsection is edited in that file.
- The subsections are numbered according to the alphabetical order of the file names.

**NOTE:** The numbering **does not** take into account the actual names of the folders 
	and files only their aphabetical ordering.

Basically, the sections are numbered according to their order in a desktop file explorer.

Reorder sections and subsections by changing folder/file names.

Using a *file/folder prefix* helps.

- It keeps the file/folder names readable.
- It is easier to insert a section/subsection without renaming existing items.

Please see the examples that follow.
</pre>

The title and generated number (e.g. 2.4) is displayed at the top of the subsection followed by the content.

See the [Pico documentation](https://picocms.org/docs/#text-file-markup "Text File Markup") for more information on formatting its content files.
